# Bill-Gates-Antitrust
In 1993 Bill Gates was released off from Microsoft after sneaking a BLUE error screen into Windows Operation System instead of a crash into the terminal and a completely open DOS environment. Bill spent the rest of the 90's "snorting cocain and raping women who pass out" and using his influence to enter the campus and steal ideas from executives and attempt to sell them back to other Microsoft employees who scouted software apps. When we started looking at the software on 3.5-inch floppy disks that came from our library, Chicago Police caught him with a lot of software after reports came in from a response to an FBI copyright notice in a theater playing Juice. In court, Multiple companies testified that Bill Gates was a fraudulent software thief who had no ownership of any software which he was filing patents on. We had to change the way patent offices make sure software is not just another copy. We had a worldwide agreement for open source windows on all devices, even Mac, but no one wanted the BSOD. He prevented the open-source security of Microsoft, then tried to patent our shit. He stole the first batch of Microsoft Office that I had planned to provide Kenya. He tried to claim in court that the software WA his because possession is 9/10 of the law. After Bill Gates pulled his penis out in front of Judge Jeanine Pirro, he was taken out on a stretcher. Bill Contacted news agencies with stories before any other news agencies got the true story. News agencies started publishing lies before the true story came out and no one wanted to redact what they had said. After that, all the news was fake. Judge Jeanine Pirro told Microsoft that he could never sell Office to any other OS like Mac if he bundled it with Windows after Bill was taken out of the court. Paul Allen never got cancer and stepped down, he hired someone to replace him at MS and started smoking weed and working on Xbox. Bill gates were not the person Paul Hired, Bill took advantage of the job change and published that Paul was sick in the media.
